as corporations seek higher profits
every single quarter sales and revenue
must increase in proportion if not there
is one alternative which works quite
well increase
productivity sounds great doesn't it
well that's code word for firing people
when the economy is suffering
unemployment will rise Industries can be
supported by the government But
ultimately the destruction will become
self-evident you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
will talk about the mass widespread job
losses in the US now I want to preface
this with the information that you've
probably been seeing recently that there
are in fact jobs being created in the US
and this is something that um we'll have
to see how it goes but at this time
we're looking at Job losses okay I want
to start with that I'll mention it again
later on first of all to begin we're
looking at the year where we at the Dow
Jones essentially ending up flatlining
gold being an excellent
performer and it shows you how things
can change
but you're looking at Gold ultimately
trading within a range I mean it's been
you know trying to get above this 1200
range for quite some time look at the
volatility that we've seen in oil
certainly something that is absolutely
crucial to pay attention
to let's move on quickly here I brought
this up in a different video and I
believe it is uh very essential I wanted
to cover it very quickly the SMP down
downgrades Dallas credit rating and this
is something that was to be expected no
doubt the downgrade reflects our view
that despite the city's Broad and
diverse economy which continues to grow
stable financial performance and very
strong management practices expected
continued deterioration in the funded
status uh of the city's police and fire
pension system so that's exactly what I
was talking about how they couldn't pay
back on their pensions they said that
look it's going to become in solvent in
the next 10 years I believe it is
already insolvent but that's just the
way it is and they're saying that they
need help that's the way it goes so you
get downgraded it's no different than
the downgrading uh that we saw of the US
itself we saw this actually even in uh
Canada more recently when they said they
were going to implement a bail in regime
they said no no no no everything is just
fine here don't worry about it but they
still got downgraded I don't remember
the rating agency itself but I
definitely did a video about that let's
get into it Boeing plans biots and
layoffs for engineers further uh into
this this happens to be out of the LA
times but I want to show you this has a
little bit more detail Boeing three more
waves of layoffs in 2017 as orders
collapse to
7year lows Shares near alltime highs
that's the way it is if if you're
willing to fire people shares will
increase and it is something that is
unfortunately very sad but unfortunately
often times true if they say they're
going to increase
productivity it's like a bunch of
vultures and the vultures picnic as they
like to call it great book by the
way this is not the way to start your
workday to find this email in your boss
from your boss in your inbox as as we
entered 2017 our plan calls for us to
reduce our engineering staff I realized
some of this news is unpleasant I want
it to be respect your right to know what
is occurring this
year and um they're not the only company
let's get to a bunch of companies here
I'll cover them very quickly Macy's will
cut 10,000 jobs after Poor holiday sales
I covered that already recently Walmart
stores will be giving hundreds of
additional workers pink slips as the
discount retailer prepares a fresh round
of job cuts
and there we are Walmart and this is
what's interesting about Walmart is that
generally seen as one of those stores
that would do better as time gets worse
because people are looking for those
discounts but that does not seem to be
happening right
now inside Sears death spiral how an
iconic American brand has been driven to
the edge of
bankruptcy and you can see these stores
closing down
and store after store seem to be
suffering there are different reasons
for this it's not all just uh simply one
reason think about the fact that you
have all these online retailers like
Amazon for example which are really
putting the big box stores and the
department stores you know they're
either putting them out of business or
they're hurting their sales the online
game seems to be the way that the world
is going towards not for everything uh
all all right now but for many of these
items that are sold at one versus the
other a lot of people are seem to do
their business online these
days The Limited is closing all of its
250 stores yet another one to add to the
list Petco
cutting 180 jobs so there we have
several different companies
either you know shutting down everything
or they are reducing
staff and it leads me into my next Point
here I fully support this is Rosie
O'Donnell I fully support imposing can
you believe it marshal
law delaying the inauguration until
Trump is quote unquote cleared of all
charges so despite
what side you may be on you know if this
was your favorite you know getting
picked or if it's not your favor getting
picked either way nobody ever should be
supporting the use of marshal law this
is completely
absurd and it just shows you how
how terrible some people's thoughts can
be at some times and a lot of people
will get it in their head you know what
yeah sure I'd support marshal law to
delay the
inauguration and this is the type of
thing that could become a reality I'm
not saying it is I'm just saying that a
lot of
people are weak-minded in this way that
they would support it just to you know
to think that they have their way that
they're getting their way very very bad
news once again I want to touch on the
subject just very
quickly and that is we are seeing you
know a lot of jobs that are supposedly
going to be
created um after Trump gets put
in at the same time we're seeing a lot
of these corporations that just showed
you they're losing a lot of
jobs so what is it well it is definitely
two sides right now as of now the
situation is quite bad whether or not
that's going to change in the coming
months we'll see but at this time things
are definitely not doing well and why
because it's an intentional program to
destabilize all countries to make them
weak to make them poor to make them
subservient and this has been working
very very well for the powers that be if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs up and
if you prefer this instead then give me
a thumbs down some artists really did a
great job on this I mean I think you
should
probably use those excellent tal talents
on something else but here it is a
wonderful image for you so if you like
it give me a thumbs
down if you found the video informative
I know you'll find my book The Money GPS
even more informative I've taken this
complicated subject of finance and I've
made it very easy I've done that with
these charts and also with these
diagrams that I have created makes it
very easy you can actually look through
the book If you go over to Amazon where
they have a look inside feature that
will allow you to flip through the pages
of the book and see if you like it take
care